Create a combo box input (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Combo_box) using JS,
without using third-party libraries. The combo box typically comprises of
a text input and a list of matches. Also add a submit button beside the
combo box input. There should be an area under the combo box to display more
details about the combo box's matched selection.

It will be used with a list of US universities pulled from a public API:
(http://universities.hipolabs.com/search?country=United+States)

The combo box should do the following:

- Wait until the user types at least 3 characters before starting to search
   through schools to display matches.
- Display matches under the editable text input. The list of matches should
   only appear when there are matches to show and should have a maximum
   display size and show a scrollbar if the list gets too large to show in
   your allotted space.
- Clicking on a match in the list of matches will auto fill/replace the
   text in the text input with the match that was clicked. This should also
   remove or hide the list of matches.
- Clicking on the submit button displays the school details in an area under
   the combo box.
- Only connect to the API to get the list of schools once and hold the list
   locally, so you don't create too much network traffic and UI lag.


BONUS: Have the combo box support key presses as follows:
- The user should be able to navigate the matches list with the up and down
   arrows. Show the current position in the list while navigating this way
   by highlighting the list position. (eg. special background color, font
   size, font weight, etc.)
- Hitting the enter key while navigating the matches list will auto
   fill/replace the text in the text input with the highlighted match. This
   should also remove or hide the list of matches.
- If the matches list is showing while the focus is on the text input, a down
   arrow key will allow the user to start navigating the matches list.
- If the user hits the enter key while the focus is on the text input, the
   UI will behave as if the user submitted the text.
